What is your favorite thing to put ketchup on?
What kind of food would you like to take a bath in?
If you had to pick one food to eat for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Would you rather have ice cream,cake or cookies?
What’s the best pizza topping?
What is the best soup?
What’s the best ice cream sundae topping?
If a friend was going to throw food at you, what would you choose?
If you had a magical tree that grew any food you wanted, what would you grow?
Would you rather have a popsicle or a pickle or peanuts?
If you could create magical cupcakes, what power would they give you?
What’s the best pet?
What’s the best subject?
What kind of car do you want when you’re older?
What’s your favorite book?
What’s your favorite tv show?
What’s your favorite sports team?
Would you rather ride a horse,, motorcycle or in a convertible?
Would you rather have a pet unicorn, sloth or dragon?
Would you rather live someplace that's warm all the time or someplace where there's always snow on the ground?
What's your favorite animal?
What do you like to do most when you go to a playground?
Whos’ the best superhero?
Who’s the best princess?
If you could learn any language what would it be?
If you could play any instrument what would it be?
What is something related to vampires.
What is a house that you never want to be in.
What’s something you only wear for special events?
If you could go to the Land of Oz, what one thing would you ask the Wizard for?
Name a popular Vacation destination
Name a fruit you might eat in the morning
Name something people lose often
Name a popular type of pie
Name a type of flower
Name a famous cartoon character
Name something people are often afraid of
Name a common household chore
Name a popular sport
Name something people do to relax
Name a piece of furniture people commonly have in their bedroom
Name a fast-food chain.
Name a car brand
Name a popular board game.
Name a social media platform
Name a job in the medical field
Name a type of cake
Name a body part people often injure.
Name a vegetable that kids refuse to eat
Name a popular fairy tale
Name a popular holiday movie
Name a brand of shoe
Name a type of seafood.
Name a popular candy bar
Name a hobby people have.
Name a type of cheese.
Name something you do when you are sick.
Name something kids love about summer.
Name a place where you have to be quiet.
Name something cold.
Name a color of the rainbow.
Name something hot.
Name something an astronaut sees in space.
Name something a kid might do right before going to bed.
Name something people write with.
Name something you might see at the beach.
Name something a person does when he/she feels happy
Name a way people get from one place to another.
Name something you would put in a bath.
Name a food you might eat at Thanksgiving
Name a tree that has fruit on it.
Name a popular Christmas carol.
Name an occupation in which you might wear a hat. Name something you might climb
Name an animal you might see on a farm.
Name something you might spread on toast.
Name a plant someone might grow in their garden.
What’s something you might find on the ground of a messy bedroom.
Name something associated with pirates.
Name something associated with a princess.
Name something associated with Halloween.
Name something you might find in a haunted house.
Name a word that rhymes with “honey.”
Name something kids throw at each other.
Name something kids lose a lot.
Name a place kids aren’t allowed to touch things.
Name a character from Frozen
Name an excuse you might tell for why you don’t have your homework.
Name something you can find in a cave.
Name something you might put on a salad.
Name a Star Wars character.
Name something that usually comes in pairs.
Name something you really don’t want to find in the dark.
Name something you have to charge regularly.
Name something you wouldn’t want to buy used.
Name something you might see in a sandwich.
Name a food kids love to eat for breakfast.
Name a well-known dinosaur.
Name something you never want to find in your restaurant food.
Name an animal that would make a horrible pet.
Tell me something a person might do once a week.
Name a reason someone might be up at 2 in the morning.
Name something you might put on your hamburger.
Name a country that speaks Spanish?
Name a material you would need to build a treehouse.
Name the most expensive item in a person’s home.
Name something you might see out on the ocean.
Name an animal that would be very quiet if you kept it as a pet.
Tell me the most important meal of the day.
Name a type of ball you might play with for fun.
What’s something you can do that is good for the environment?
Name a reason a teacher might want to talk to a student’s parents.
Name a specific card game.
Name something you might see in an old deserted mansion.
Name a big city in the United States.
Name something that melts when it gets hot.
What’s something you might close your eyes to do?
Name something you really don’t want to see when you open your closet.
Name something a bug might do.
Name something parents tell their children not to touch.
Name a day you get up early.
Name something you might see on a treasure map.
What might wake a young person up in the morning?
Name something you’re told to do while you dance the Hokey Pokey.
Name a sound you might hear if you were near a barn.
Tell me a word that rhymes with "power".
Would you rather climb a building without a rope, be on a plane with a drunk pilot, or ride a unicycle down a steep hill?
Who is the funniest character on The Big Bang Theory: Leonard, Howard or Raj?
How many roads must a man walk down before you all him a man?
Is it acceptable to leave the house without wearing underwear?
What is the best decade for music?
Toilet roll: should the loose sheet be on the outside away from the wall or on the inside nearer the wall?
What is the smallest number of cows that you can still call a herd?
What would you rather: run around the street naked, take a selfie of yourself on the toilet and post it on social media, or have someone slap you hard across the face?
If you had to choose, which would be your preferred life partner: Donald Trump, Boris Johnson or Liz Truss
Would you rather live on the antarctic for a month or on the international space station for three months?
There are two people tied to a rail track. On an adjacent track there is one person tied to it. The train is coming down the track heading straight for the two people. If you pull a level, the train will change track and kill the one person on the adjacent track. Do you pull the switch and have a hand in killing someone or choose not to intervene?
Which produces the better sound: a saxophone, acoustic guitar or harmonica?
What is the best type of chocolate: white, milk or dark?
Would you rather be a pirate, a con artist or a bank robber?
If from now on you can only eat one type of food, what would it be?
Who would win in a fight between Pinocchio and Little Red Riding Hood?
What is the maximum number of days that you can wear socks without washing them?
Which would take the longest: eating 1,000 grains of basmati rice with chopsticks or swimming 1,000 metres?
Name a hobby beginning with K
What is the best part of November 5th: the bonfire or the fireworks?
What's the weirdest looking animal?
Who do you wish lived in our world: Batman, Wonder Woman or Spiderman?
What is the best part of a Sunday lunch?
Name a cartoon character
What is the best TV show: Only Fools and Horses, Red Dwarf or Fawlty Towers
What would be your preferred pet: a python or a tarantula?
What is the most English country that isn't England?
Who hosts the wildest parties: David Bowie, Boris Johnson or Braveheart?
Name a type of dancing
What is your least favourite season?
Name a bank
Name a food beginning with H
